README.md, before:

Tik Tok bot plan:

Part 1:

- create a scheduled based service
  a.k.a Date and Time | Id of entity to post about | Type of entity to post about

Part 2:

- read data from my db -> post description and captions etc...
- read images from my storage and save the images in the needed folder.

Part 3:

- Combine the images into a tik-tok worthy video

Part 4:

- Create the description using template + the fetched data
- Using the description and the video upload it to tiktok

Step 3 quick start (image to video):

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Drop images into:
   assets/images
3. Render:
   python scripts/render.py

Output defaults to:
outputs/renders/render.mp4

Defaults live in:
config.ini

Image download quick start (keyword to images):

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Download images:
   python scripts/fetch_images.py "sunset beach"

Images will be saved under:
assets/images/<keyword>

Fetch + render quick start:

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Download + render:
   python scripts/fetch_and_render.py "sunset beach"

Output video:
outputs/renders/<keyword>.mp4

Common options:

- --output outputs/renders/my_video.mp4
- --image-duration 3.0
- --fade-duration 0.5
- --width 1080 --height 1920 --fps 30

AI agent note:

When an AI agent changes this codebase, it must also update AGENTS.md to describe
the new behavior, file relationships, and any new scripts or configs that were
added or modified.

Commit message:

Added reading from my db, video config and musiv

README.md, after:

Tik Tok bot plan:

Part 1:

- create a scheduled based service
  a.k.a Date and Time | Id of entity to post about | Type of entity to post about

Part 2:

- read data from my db -> post description and captions etc...
- read images from my storage and save the images in the needed folder.

Part 3:

- Combine the images into a tik-tok worthy video

Part 4:

- Create the description using template + the fetched data
- Using the description and the video upload it to tiktok

Step 3 quick start (image to video):

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Drop images into:
   assets/images
3. Render:
   python scripts/render.py

Output defaults to:
outputs/renders/render.mp4

Defaults live in:
config.ini

Per-image duration is hardcoded in:
src/tiktok_bot/utils/timing_table.py
(counts clamp to 3-10 images; fade is fixed at 0.2s)

Music support:
- Drop `.mp3`/`.m4a` (and other FFmpeg-supported formats) into `assets/music`.
- Music is on by default and synced to video start; longer tracks are trimmed and shorter tracks attempt to loop.

Image download quick start (keyword to images):

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Download images:
   python scripts/fetch_images.py "sunset beach"

Images will be saved under:
assets/images/<keyword>

Fetch + render quick start:

1. Install deps:
   pip install -r requirements.txt
2. Download + render:
   python scripts/fetch_and_render.py "sunset beach"

Output video:
outputs/renders/<keyword>.mp4

Common options:

- --output outputs/renders/my_video.mp4
- --image-duration 3.0 (ignored; durations are hardcoded in timing_table.py)
- --fade-duration 0.5 (ignored; fade is fixed at 0.2s)
- --music / --no-music
- --music-dir assets/music
- --width 1080 --height 1920 --fps 30

AI agent note:

When an AI agent changes this codebase, it must also update AGENTS.md to describe
the new behavior, file relationships, and any new scripts or configs that were
added or modified.
